Add plans doc (#264)
rancher/elemental: docs/elemental-plans.md

## Introduction

Elemental uses the [Rancher System Agent](https://github.com/rancher/system-agent) renamed to Elemental System Agent,
to initially bootstrap the node with a simple plan that sets some labels for the node,
sets the proper hostname according to the `#!yaml MachineInventory`
and installs the default Rancher System Agent from Rancher Server which then will install the proper Kubernetes components.

> This small bootstrap service also accepts local plans stored under `/var/lib/elemental/agent/plans` so any plan written
> in there will also be applied during the initial node start (After it has been installed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bootstrap service also accepts local plans stored under `/var/lib/elemental/agent/plans`. Any plan written
in there will also be applied during the initial node start after the installation is completed.
```

!!! note

>     This local plans run only during the initial Elemental bootstrap **before** Kubernetes is installed on the node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The local plans run only during the initial Elemental bootstrap **before** Kubernetes is installed on the node.
```

## Adding local plans on Elemental

You can add those plans to Elemental as part of the `#!yaml MachineRegistration` CRD, in the `cloud-config` section by adding it like so

```yaml
apiVersion: elemental.cattle.io/v1beta1
kind: MachineRegistration
metadata:
  name: my-nodes
  namespace: fleet-default
spec:
  config:
    cloud-config:
      users:
        - name: root
          passwd: root
      write_files:
        - path: /var/lib/elemental/agent/plans/mycustomplan.plan
          permissions: "0600"
          content: |
            {"instructions":
                [
                  {
                    "name":"set hostname",
                    "command":"hostnamectl",
                    "args": ["set-hostname", "myHostname"]
                  },
                  {
                    "name":"stop sshd service",
                    "command":"systemctl",
                    "args": ["stop", "sshd"]
                  }
                ]
            }
    elemental:
      install:
        reboot: true
        device: /dev/sda
        debug: true
  machineName: my-machine
  machineInventoryLabels:
    location: "europe"
```

## Plan examples

> These plans are provided as a quick reference and not guaranteed to work. To learn more about plans please check [Rancher System Agent](https://github.com/rancher/system-agent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following plans are provided as a quick reference and are not guaranteed to work in your environment. To learn more about plans please check [Rancher System Agent](https://github.com/rancher/system-agent).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Example 1: one time instructions**

```

```json title="simple command plan"
{"instructions":
    [
        {
            "name":"set hostname",
            "command":"hostnamectl",
            "args": ["set-hostname", "myHostname"]
        },
        {
            "name":"stop sshd service",
            "command":"systemctl",
            "args": ["stop", "sshd"]
        }
    ]
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Example 2: periodic instructions**
```

```json title="periodic docker plan"
{"periodicInstructions":
    [
        {
            "name":"set hostname",
            "image":"ghcr.io/rancher-sandbox/elemental-example-plan:main"
            "command": "run.sh"
        }
    ]
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 3: files
```

```json title="file creation plan"
{"files":
    [
        {
            "content":"Welcome to the system",
            "path":"/etc/motd",
            "permissions": "0644"
        }
    ]
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 4: probes
```
